Bugfix invalid initial root navnode (#979)
SAP/luigi: docs/navigation-parameters-reference.md

- **type**: string
- **description**: sets the child node that Luigi activates automatically if the current node has no **viewUrl** defined. Provide **pathSegment** of the child node you want to activate as a string.

> <!-- add-attribute:class:success -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- add-attribute:class:warning -->
```

> >**NOTE:** To define **defaultChildNode** on root level to specify a different default node than the first header navigation node, set an object with **defaultChildNode** and **children** definition as `navigation.nodes` instead of an array of nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**NOTE:** To define a root-level **defaultChildNode** which is different than the first header navigation node, set an object with **defaultChildNode** and **children** set to `navigation.nodes` instead of an array of nodes.
```

> 

Reviewer: - **example**:

> 

Author: ```suggestion

- **example**
```
